ai-in-browser Algorithmic Attacks (#11)
w3c-cg/threat-modeling: models/ai-in-browser.md

and [the slide deck](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1StMrI1hNSw_QSmR7bg0w3WcIoYnYIt5K8G2fG01O0IA/edit#slide=id.g2f87bb2d5eb_0_4)
## Mitigations

> ###Algorithmically generated hacks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Algorithmically generated hacks
```

> Academic researchers have devised a means to create computer-generated prompt injections against Gemini that have much higher success rates than manually crafted ones. The new method abuses fine-tuning, a feature offered by some closed-weights models for training them to work on large amounts of private or specialized data, such as a law firm’s legal case files, patient files or research managed by a medical facility, or architectural blueprints. Google makes its fine-tuning for Gemini’s API available free of charge. See the article [https://arstechnica.com/security/2025/03/gemini-hackers-can-deliver-more-potent-attacks-with-a-helping-hand-from-gemini/]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Academic researchers have devised a means by which to create computer-generated prompt injections against Gemini that have much higher success rates than manually crafted prompts. The new method abuses fine-tuning, a feature offered by some closed-weight models for training them to work on large amounts of private or specialized data, such as a law firm’s legal case files, patient files or research data managed by a medical facility, or architectural blueprints. Google makes its fine-tuning for Gemini’s API available free of charge. See the article [Gemini hackers can deliver more potent attacks with a helping hand from… Gemini](https://arstechnica.com/security/2025/03/gemini-hackers-can-deliver-more-potent-attacks-with-a-helping-hand-from-gemini/)
```
```suggestion
Academic researchers have devised a means to create computer-generated prompt injections against Gemini that have much higher success rates than manually crafted ones. The new method abuses fine-tuning, a feature offered by some closed-weights models for training them to work on large amounts of private or specialized data, such as a law firm’s legal case files, patient files or research managed by a medical facility, or architectural blueprints. Google makes its fine-tuning for Gemini’s API available free of charge. See the article, [https://arstechnica.com/security/2025/03/gemini-hackers-can-deliver-more-potent-attacks-with-a-helping-hand-from-gemini/].
```
